my mission is simple to make you money
I'm here to level the playing field for
all investors there's always a bulwark
at summer and I promise to help you find
it
Mad Money starts now
hey I'm Kramer welcome to may have money
welcome to Kramer akka before we start
let's go to Steve Liesman with some
breaking news
hello Steve it's Jim you've got me
you're live the Federal Reserve
announcing yet another program the
primary dealer credit facility this is
one of the biggest programs the Federal
Reserve has yet to do it is call it the
kitchen sink of lending programs it
provides short-term overnight and term
funding up to 90 days for a very broad
range of assets I can tell you the kinds
of assets that now primary dealers can
bring to the Fed to get funding
investment grade corporate debt
securities international agency
securities commercial paper municipal
securities mortgage-backed securities
asset backed securities
even equity securities excluding ETFs
this is sort of the Emma Lazarus of
bring us your poor your tired your
hunger your weak the Fed is saying bring
us your paper will obviously give it a
haircut but will also lend it to you
overnight so now the Fed implementing
almost all still a few left of the
financial crisis erupts from the Great
Recession that it had in place today put
in place the commercial paper facility
it already has the really launched a
quantitative easing program I'm bringing
weights down to zero Jim what is left in
terms of the areas of pressure that you
see I'm sorry I don't hear Jimmy well
all right well look like to you thank
you so much Steve and now we know
exactly how serious the Fed is we know
everybody else is getting pretty serious
and that should help tomorrow's opening
I do believe it's real okay let's get
back to MIT money now we are at the
beginning of the most treacherous phase
of this Kovach bear market the point
where the strongest stocks rally like
crazy and the weakest ones well the
weakest ones they retreat right into the
wilderness we saw that all today with
travel and leisure airlines that's the
big story today Dal gaining one thousand
forty nine points making up some of that
lost mr. S&P jumping six percent Nasdaq
forty six point two three percent in
other words this market is now going
into triage mode just like the
hospital's new Europe and soon here the
winners are trading
like winners and the losers are trading
like there is no for the shareholders
for you this bifurcation is why I kept
warning you that index funds are not the
right way to invest here the winners and
losers are just so obvious to you and me
come on
they won't we don't need to own them
Pamela good in many ways that's what we
want to see it means the market is
working it's looking at the fundamentals
of individual companies so then why did
I say it's treacherous because we're
going to have so much bad news coming
over the next couple of weeks about the
illness not necessarily about the assets
but the illness that it's too dangerous
to come in here and start buying today's
winners after today's spring-loaded run
although I think those stocks in
particular have put in a bottom beyond
that there's some good news and some bad
news we're gonna start with the bad news
why because I'm kind of a bad news first
guy first we are a service economy
two-thirds of our GDP is based on the
vast service sector and this virus is
devastating your service industries we
can't congregate but that's how these
companies make money sold-out stadiums
crowded restaurants flights is somewhere
warm trips to the mall even trips to the
gym or the hair salon or the oldest of
America here this is grabbing a beer
these are all out in some places they're
illegal and with good reason more than a
hundred million people worth in the
service sector you heard me right 100
million people not all of them lose
their jobs but we're looking at an
unfathomable number of last year in
theory it could be worse than the Great
Depression because the whole ecosystem
of service is being eroded it's not
destroyed thriving institutions are
being mowed down right alongside
struggling ones the number retailers on
the verge of going under is staggering
small ones sole proprietors giant change
that employed tens of thousands same
goes for restaurants really good
companies are getting wreck casinos
hotels every aspect of hospitality you
name it I can't even look at some of the
prices some of these retailers I mean
we've got three chosen traded at a and
80 now they're at eight I mean this
happened overnight second when it comes
to fighting Cove in nineteen we were way
behind the curve but now we're ramping
up and we ramping up testing too that's
good but it means we're about to see
some huge spikes in the number of
infected people so-called denominator
because we finally had the capacity to
diagnose them now it could have been
work far worse but the fact is we're
still nowhere near the
peak and when we get there it's gonna
knock down everything including many of
the stocks that surged higher today the
infections and the death toll will soar
possibly overwhelming our health care
system and forcing doctors to make
horrific decisions about who lives and
who dies
third outside the service sector two of
the largest industries in America are
being challenged at the exact same time
just bad luckier oil and aerospace the
Russians and the Saudis are flooding the
world with crude undercutting our
producers the Permian is in trouble
meanwhile Boeing can't get approval for
the redesigned 737 max once its most
lucrative product line and its customers
the airlines are on the ropes
we know Boeing is seeking tens of
billions of dollars in aid I got some
thoughts on how to do that later in the
show okay it's not just a parade of
horribles
it's a macabre dance of death and
destruction and I'm going to put it to
you right up tuck now let's talk about
why the market was up today because
there are signs that there's an other
side to this pandemic as in we might
come out on the other side once this is
over tickling fueled by a huge amount of
stimulus
no-one's cheering but the federal
government finally is recognizing the
scale of what's ahead of them hate him
or like him the president has put
together an a-list team to tackle the
illness the redoubtable dr. Tony Fauci
dueling with the disease Treasury
secretary Steve Venusian trying to make
sure that working people not the fact
that's not the Mainers well working
people come out in one piece these are
both Herculean tests again though
there's some good news here we're now
getting millions of testing kits many
made by last night's guest thermo
official that's a start we have data
that shows this virus can be carried by
nearly anyone but the death rate is
heavily skewed toward the elderly with
pre-existing conditions the numbers are
so stark it's easy to see why dr. Feld
she's more worried about young people
who think they're invisible getting
infected and then giving it to their
much more at-risk older relatives if we
wring fast asleep
elderly so that they don't come in
contact with anyone under 40 that could
make a huge difference then my favorite
because it is still mad money the
ingenuity factor tonight we're hearing
from a Jenner on we're just having some
success maybe a lot of success with an
anti-inflammatory drug that suppresses
some of the viruses most lethal symptoms
and they also have high hopes for a
possible vaccine much sooner than I
thought don't scoff Regeneron conquered
ebola they
might have something and have something
in record time meanwhile Juliet's
testing one of their antivirals we don't
know enough who knows but it could be
good others are using plaque and nil
malaria drug I think there's a
possibility success there it's a mistake
to bet against American ingenuity over
the long haul how long anybody's guess
but I'm not taking the other side of
that tray finally let's deal with the
economy I'm beginning to be heartened by
some of the moves from the private
sector not just the public later we're
speaking with Sheryl Sandberg she's
Facebook's chief operating officer
surely you had a hundred billion dollar
program to help 30,000 small businesses
across over 30 countries now some
problems though are so big they can only
be solved by the federal government
washington needs to step up with
unemployment insurance and what minutia
tis said would be a trillion dollars in
the economy I wish that there were that
were enough this is a Malcolm X moment
when it comes to people who are in days
are being wiped out by something beyond
their control the government needs to
help by any means necessary
maybe that's what leasman was getting at
maybe that's the trick if the Fed just
guarantees pretty much everything we're
back to 2007-2008 but more terra firma
the president the treasury secretary are
talking about business interruption
insurance I'm counting on that insurance
going to small medium-sized businesses
and to the 1099 workers the sole
proprietors who being torn asunder by
Colvin by something they didn't have
anything to do with garbage got to put
money into the hands of small business
owners to meet payroll if they do we can
tide them over until the economy comes
back as long as they keep me on the
payroll
1.2 trillion I know it sounds like a lot
it's not enough it's roughly the size of
the bank problems in 2007 but this is
bigger and harder and the money has to
get there faster whether it be through
the IRS or the mail I don't know turbo
tax my advice
think big perhaps keys announcement will
help I'm lady on Treasury secretary
munition for even more details yes the
market rallied today but the stocks that
rallied are the wrong ones they're the
ones that have the strong enough bouncy
to survive regardless they can come out
on the other side of the hiatus because
kovat is crushing their rivals Walmart
surged more than 11 percent today why
masters stimulus in the form of direct
payments but also because they're
smaller competitors could be wiped out
Amazon sword 7% ecommerce thrives when
people staying at home footings rug
stocks that I've been recommending all
along they finally exploded higher
recession-proof at these levels I think
you actually need to wait for another
pull back before you buy some of these
like that General Mills of where I've
been general is up five that's not right
just not right I think we've seen a
bottom though in those stocks they need
to be boiled pull backs what's still
safer utilities they're impervious to
weaker economy buoyed by a lower
interest rate than you're ever going to
see ever again the bottom line though it
feels like a tarp moment the market rock
that you're hired after Congress passed
the bank bailout in October of 2008 then
was followed by another horrendous
decline of the stock market it's the
system kept falling apart
just think back then we're finally
moving the right direction but I think
we need to overcome more looming bad
news about the virus and about
bankruptcies before the whole industries
can bottom even again as many stocks
have already put in the bottom okay
let's take some calls let's go to Larry
in Florida Larry
Jimmy chill not that you but that's okay
that's okay what's up so following a
relentless post-merger beat down with
uncertainty about execution of the
company streaming platforms now with the
cancellation of March Madness and other
sports due to be broadcast what are your
thoughts on bike on cbs4 this year in
the neck okay I have a conference call
tomorrow with club members the actual
owners plus.com Club and on it I'm going
to eat not crow but I think the many
pros that were in the in the movie the
birds where they got to the suit Suzanne
Pleshette I mean it was just one of my
worst picks I gotta talk about why I was
so bad but it wasn't my well it's my
fault because my Chapel trust those but
we're gonna dress that Larry and well
you know what they can't all be good
ones alright we're moving on the right
direction but I do think there's more
bad news virus more bad news
bankruptcies that we have to overcome
before the whole industry's bottom
although against some stocks have
bottoms already
oh man money tonight uh potential
breakthrough on a coronavirus drug today
after Regeneron said it aims to have a
potential koban 19 drug ready for
clinical trials by early summer this is
news people there's moose
poking the chief science officer the
company and I like what I'm gonna hear I
think then regardless of how the Cova 19
pandemic plays out it has already been
brutal for small business so let's go to
Facebook Sheryl Sandberg by now the
company's 100 million dollar grant
program money in the pockets of small
business right now can help and as
telemedicine emerges as the necess
insist of necessity and the fighting
spread a virus I'm talking with pilot
player and well find out how its client
faces where the 240 health systems
putting two thousand hospitals are
relying on the new technology so stick
with flavor don't miss a second of Mad
Money follow at Jim Cramer on Twitter
have a question
tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send Jim
an email to mad money at cnbc.com or
give us a call at one eight hundred
seven forty three CNBC miss something
head to Mad Money does cnbc.com
you